++++++++++ HIGH PRIORITY ++++++++++++++

---++ Help Pages
project builder:
- less strict on addTo/removeFrom when List rather than List<T>
- checks for just 1 arg in set/modify/clear/addTo/removeFrom/validate/validateAddTo/validateRemoveFrom


---++ Preference Pages
control strictness of checking.

---++ NOF

@Immutable should NOT be implemented for properties, since we have @Disabled.

domain aspects
- @Signed
- @Workflow/@Task

@Icon ??? to return .jpg file?

++++ LOWER PRIORITY +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


---++ New Project
Install code formatter.
Client, fixture and test should support selection attribute to automatically default the app project.

should validate application has NO nature.

---++ Folding

Should fold each method also
- doesn't seem to work consistently

Should fold the annotations


---++ Annotations
When edit action parameter, doesn't reselect.

Use Nebula grid view (for collapsible columns)?

Provide facility to filter out columns, and to compare them (using extension points).

class handles (eg @TypeOf) should provide a browse... cell modifier)

Annotation views for @Disabled, @Immutable and @Hidden should cope with case when just specify @Immutable() - ie using the default value().

When typing in collections using a template, get empty name/void
- contentprovider is not filtering out.

Use ASTParser.setFocalPosition() to reduce AST resources when manipulating??

Keyboard traversal

Stop the flicker, somehow.

---++ Project Builder
Should provide checks via extension points.

Undoing an action change signature refactoring that had introduced orphaned methods does not result in the markers being cleared.

---++ Refactorings

Add/remove parameters for actions.
Change type of parameter.
Change method signature
Introduce parameter


---++ Perspectives

Provide more quick fixes.
- add a title() method


---++ Custom launch config type

LaunchConfigurationTabGroup
- apply button accelerator doesn't work ? (or might do now...)
- should validate resource button

---++ New Wizard
For:
   * domain object
   * repository, service
   * fixture
   * test
   * aspect

---++ Templates

Add fixtures/tests template category
Write a simple fixture template.

---++ Project Wizard
Programmatically install no-code-template.xml

